\input{top-apj}

\begin{document}

\section{Latex Template for Articles}

To switch to a regular article (like this one) all you need to do is
to edit the \verb+top_apj.tex+ file. First, at the beginning of the
file, select ``othercls'' as the document class.


To remove the section numbers, uncomment this line:
\verb+\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}+.
To remove spaces between biblio entries, uncomment this line:
\verb+\setlength\bibsep{0.0pt}+.
To show the biblio entries as a continuous bullet-point text,
uncomment the block after this line:\\
\verb+Enable this for bullet-point separated references:+


Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting
industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever
since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and
scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only
five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting,
remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with
the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and
more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker
including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
Here are some unrelated references:
\citet{Curtis1917paspIslandUniverseTheory},
\citet{Shapley1918apjDistanceGlobularClusters}, and 
\citet{Slipher1913lobAndromedaRarialVelocity}.



\section{Another Section}

Short articles usually do not have an acknowledgement section like
this one.  This is just a filler. We thank contributors to Numpy
\citep{vanderWaltEtal2011numpy}, SciPy \citep{JonesEtal2001scipy},
Matplotlib \citep{Hunter2007ieeeMatplotlib}, AstroPy
\citep{Astropy2013aaAstroPy}, and the Python Programming Language; the
free and open-source community; Support for this work was provided by
NASA through an award issued by JPL/Caltech and through the NASA
Science Mission Directorate's Astrophysics Data Analysis Program,
grant XXY00ZZZ1110.  Jill held a NASA Earth and Space Science
Fellowship.  Tom was a Fulbright Scholar.

\bibliography{template}

\end{document}
